# frpsheets
Fibreglass reinforced plastic sheets or FRP comes under the polyester resin family. They are reinforced with fibreglass and are used to make flexible plastic panels. It is non-conductive making it current safe as well as being impact resistant. FRP as a material is stronger than many steels in the lengthwise direction, and weigh subsequently lighter than steel also. It serves to be an ideal roofing product since it allows uniform diffused light to pass through it. Like its competition product it’s also corrosion resistant but along with that it also provides protection from any wear and tear or surface damage. Due to its chemical composition, it provides UV Resistance from Sun and is Smoke and fire retardant. Fiberglass reinforced panels are used on both Walls and ceilings, the installation process is fairly simple since they can be directly installed over a drywall or wood or any other solid surfaces. Fiberglass reinforced panels are manufactured in various sizes and types according to customer requirements. Fiberglass reinforced panels products are eco-friendly and make them environmentally safe. It is extremely durable and lasts for a long time making it cost efficient and along with that lesser waste generation for replacements. Its water-resistance capabilities make the universal roofing solution worthy, they used in areas prone to rainfall. Installing Fiberglass reinforced panels is really easy, apply the adhesive and paste it on the surface, it’s just that simple. In a nutshell Fiberglass reinforced panel is a complete roofing solution along with its added specialties make it a fantastic choice. Fiberglass reinforced panels are providing us with durability at pocket friendly prices and the added benefits make it a super material to use.
